I'm not going to be putting any intros
in these videos because it ruins the
quality of the rest of the video add
something to the WMV file but anyway
here's the grenade PACs for Shadow
Complex and also behind that door is
there's agador to the left there's a
passkey is I'll show that some one time
yeah right at the beginning that it's
impossible to miss because it's part of
the story but that's where the first one
is I guess it counts as a grenade pack
as well the second one was right here
just pause the video if you want to see
right exactly where it is in the map
it's just back a few as soon as you get
the grains you can get their third ones
at the very beginning of the level you
go to put a grenade on the screen little
hatch here and it is right underneath
you just got to go through the vent go
through crouch go to the left and there
it is grenade pack number three number
four and number four is right here you
just want to do this wall kind of jump
thing I'm on the right side you want to
jump across to the left it's right now
right underneath the the save room so if
you can use that as a reference you get
to walk through the right and then kind
of loop around and then get over here
and as good knees back number four you
can do these in a different order - it's
not like them numbered but it's just
kind of locations for them to help you
guys out this one's right after this
cutscene you don't even you don't need
to kill these guys I think I do I can't
remember
yeah after it says he told you that
objective you kill these two guys if you
want and then there's a little hatch
right below you and you can just float
up and fall down and right to the left
is grenade pack number five
alright number six right at the middle
house here was the helicopters flying
it's right just in the middle of the one
big link if you swim down there's like a
little kind of dock kind of thing
underneath the water and that is number
six number seven okay number seven is up
top right there in this big room
you just got wall jump up to you to get
to this one I don't know if I think I
showed the the map in a few seconds here
is just falling through the story if
you're just doing this like just a plate
so you can you just come across all
these places so uh it's right there I'll
zoom out but you can just pause the
video there if you don't even know where
it is alright the next one is on top of
there yeah I do have the whole map
online for some reason and like the
whole map as soon as I started a new
game which was weird but that's where
this one is you just got a wall jump up
there and might be a little tricky jump
and there you go that is number eight
eight yeah eight oh two thirty number
nine number nine is right here I already
picked it up by accident but I'll show
you exactly or it is it's in this
elevator shaft when you climb when you
hold on the elevator to go up it's in
the shaft here there are some two box
right there so this is where exactly
where you go you'll climb up hold on the
elevator and you want to drop off and go
in here you know and jump up one
there'll be two boxes right here and
beneath the two box if you destroy them
that's where a grenade pack number nine
I'll be there is another grenade pack to
the right there and I stir on how to get
that right away but I'll show you where
number ten is that I found I could I
tried like 20 different ways to get in
there I couldn't figure it out but I'll
put that in another video as soon as I
get more through the game on this
account and then I just killed this two
guys if you want you can kill you don't
need to kill a spider and then there's a
vent right there
destroy it go in here I should have a
red light that's your indication that
you know you're near it you just got to
climb up and grenade pack number 10 will
be right actually you don't need to turn
the water off but
my bad it's on the other side of that
wall I think so yeah you don't need to
turn up if you don't want him but I you
just jump across the other side right
here climb up and then there'll be a
little a little yeah this little vent
right here you just go up one in there
this grenade pack number 10 and I will
be doing all the passkeys who already
have two of them recorded I guess I'll
put them all up at once and uh in the
health packs as well and pretty much all
the packs so I look forward to that guys
subscribe